[1] Source: Hands-on-Machine-Learning.pdf | Page: 56 | Score: 0.531
Figure 1-23. Regularization reduces the risk of overfitting The amount of regularization to apply during learning can be controlled by a hyper‐ parameter. A hyperparameter is a parameter of a learning algorithm (not of the model). As such, it is not affected by the learning algorithm itself; it must be set prior to training and remains constant during training. If you set the regularization hyper‐ parameter to a very large value, you will get an almost flat model (a slope close to zero); the learning algorithm will almost certainly not overfit the training data, but it will be less likely to find a good solution. Tuning hyperparameters is an important part of building a Machine Learning system (you will see a detailed example in the next chapter). Underfitting the Training Data As you might guess, underfitting is the opposite of overfitting: it occurs when your model is too simple to learn the underlying structure of the data. For example, a lin‐ ear model of life satisfaction is prone to underfit; reality is just more complex than the model, so its predictions are bound to be inaccurate, even on the training exam‐ ples. The main options to fix this problem are: • Selecting a more 

[2] Source: Hands-on-Machine-Learning.pdf | Page: 54 | Score: 0.528
• Feature selection: selecting the most useful features to train on among existing features. • Feature extraction: combining existing features to produce a more useful one (as we saw earlier, dimensionality reduction algorithms can help). • Creating new features by gathering new data. Now that we have looked at many examples of bad data, let’s look at a couple of exam‐ ples of bad algorithms. Overfitting the Training Data Say you are visiting a foreign country and the taxi driver rips you off. You might be tempted to say that all taxi drivers in that country are thieves. Overgeneralizing is something that we humans do all too often, and unfortunately machines can fall into the same trap if we are not careful. In Machine Learning this is called overfitting: it means that the model performs well on the training data, but it does not generalize well. Figure 1-22 shows an example of a high-degree polynomial life satisfaction model that strongly overfits the training data. Even though it performs much better on the training data than the simple linear model, would you really trust its predictions? Figure 1-22. Overfitting the training data Complex models such as deep neural networks can

[3] Source: Hands-on-Machine-Learning.pdf | Page: 162 | Score: 0.522
ta (e.g., fix the data sources, such as broken sensors, or detect and remove outliers). Increasing a model’s complexity will typically increase its variance and reduce its bias. Conversely, reducing a model’s complexity increases its bias and reduces its variance. This is why it is called a tradeoff. Regularized Linear Models As we saw in Chapters 1 and 2, a good way to reduce overfitting is to regularize the model (i.e., to constrain it): the fewer degrees of freedom it has, the harder it will be for it to overfit the data. For example, a simple way to regularize a polynomial model is to reduce the number of polynomial degrees. For a linear model, regularization is typically achieved by constraining the weights of the model. We will now look at Ridge Regression, Lasso Regression, and Elastic Net, which implement three different ways to constrain the weights. 136 | Chapter 4: Training Models

[4] Source: Hands-on-Machine-Learning.pdf | Page: 55 | Score: 0.506
are you that the W-satisfaction rule generalizes to Rwanda or Zimbabwe? Obviously this pattern occurred in the training data by pure chance, but the model has no way to tell whether a pattern is real or simply the result of noise in the data. Overfitting happens when the model is too complex relative to the amount and noisiness of the training data. The possible solutions are: • To simplify the model by selecting one with fewer parameters (e.g., a linear model rather than a high-degree polynomial model), by reducing the number of attributes in the training data or by constraining the model • To gather more training data • To reduce the noise in the training data (e.g., fix data errors and remove outliers) Constraining a model to make it simpler and reduce the risk of overfitting is called regularization. For example, the linear model we defined earlier has two parameters, θ0 and θ1. This gives the learning algorithm two degrees of freedom to adapt the model to the training data: it can tweak both the height (θ0) and the slope (θ1) of the line. If we forced θ1 = 0, the algorithm would have only one degree of freedom and would have a much harder time fitting the data properly: all it

[5] Source: Hands-on-Machine-Learning.pdf | Page: 57 | Score: 0.459
• Machine Learning is about making machines get better at some task by learning from data, instead of having to explicitly code rules. • There are many different types of ML systems: supervised or not, batch or online, instance-based or model-based, and so on. • In a ML project you gather data in a training set, and you feed the training set to a learning algorithm. If the algorithm is model-based it tunes some parameters to fit the model to the training set (i.e., to make good predictions on the training set itself), and then hopefully it will be able to make good predictions on new cases as well. If the algorithm is instance-based, it just learns the examples by heart and generalizes to new instances by comparing them to the learned instances using a similarity measure. • The system will not perform well if your training set is too small, or if the data is not representative, noisy, or polluted with irrelevant features (garbage in, garbage out). Lastly, your model needs to be neither too simple (in which case it will underfit) nor too complex (in which case it will overfit). There’s just one last important topic to cover: once you have trained a model, you don’t want to just “hop